Welcome to Galaxia Analytics
where data is everything
and time is a myth.
I take it your analyst number 49.
Or was it 48?
No matter.
Your credentials are active.
You exist. That's what matters.
As you know, our leadership team
consists of visionaries, disruptors
and spreadsheet enthusiasts who thrive on
bold, confident recommendations.
They want insight, not explanations.
Decisions, not data dumps.
And yet they demand all the data
instantly.
Your challenge.
Take everything you know.
Simplify it and make it compelling enough
that leadership pays attention.
Yes, it's a skill,
one that takes practice
and the right approach.
This is your first challenge.
You're about to meet Cassian Rho,
analyst manager number 433.
He's your manager.
Or at least the system has designated him
as such.
Cassian knows what leadership expects,
and more importantly,
he knows how to get them to listen.
He'll be preparing you
to meet Elara,
otherwise known as executive Number one.
She will be making the final call
on this strategy,
and she doesn't have time for uncertainty.
Cassian will tell you more about her,
what she values, what she expects.
Consider his insights carefully.
Let's see how well you can make your case.
No pressure.
It's just an opportunity
to influence decisions that matter.
And remember. Analyst number 49.
Everything here is designed
to help you well, succeed.
At least that's what the system says.